                                       FAQ
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q. How to clone the source code and use a different branch than the default 'dev'?
A. Read the steps provided in CONTRIBUTING.md in the section Git Commands

Q. ERROR channel is filled with: [ERROR Read] SITENAME3/5: WAIT sslread failed: error:00000006:lib(0):func(0):EVP lib 1/100 (1.1.1.1:1111)
   slftp keeps breaking transfer with BAD_FILE_CRC in glftpd.log
A. Verify slots and maxupdn configuration at that site. Having too many slots or maxupdn can be a cause of this.


Q. slftp keeps disconnecting from irc with error: (Ping timeout: XXX seconds)
A. Its caused by queue overload (or just issue with server where slftp is located) there are few things you can do:
-  check slftp.log for regex errors both in slftp.precatcher and site defined rules and try to fix them.
   If you cant do it by yourself, try online tester: regex101.com which may be helpful.
-  check if all sites got defined slots / maxupdn. If your site dont have slots / maxupdn it can cause queue overload.


Q. I've setup all the dir and the predir, now when I type !dirlist it puts the
   pre dir path infront of what ever I type... so you can't search any dir except the pre dir.
A. You do !dirlist sitename SECTION and _NOT_ !dirlist sitename DIRECTORY
   !dirlist site /Wii <- WONT WORK
   !setdir site WII /Wii
   !dirlist site WII <- WORKS. 
   This is the sense of bookmarks, you don't need to remember the actual path.


Q. How to fix the endless scrolling of versions prior to slFtp 1.5.6 of the console on Windows 10?
A. Run it in legacy mode.


Q. How do I upgrade slFtp to the latest revision?
A. Create a backup of your configuration files.
   Overwrite the binaries, then read the CHANGELOG carefully, compare your old with the new configuration file(s)
   and adapt them according to the changes.


Q. Will slftp run faster if I switch to xxx from xxx?
A. Maybe, but you only will gain some milli-, micro- or nanoseconds. All stuff slftp does
   differs in so many ways for a race that you can't compare by just running it.
   You would need to write test units which covers almost all cases slftp does in a race and
   compare each code execution time with compiled version from Delphi / Free Pascal.
   But you still can't test all ftpd stuff (login, transfer speed, how fast other traders are, etc).

           "Premature optimization is the root of all evil" - Donald Knuth

   There is only ONE way to really make slftp faster: LEARN Delphi/Pascal!
   see http://newpascal.org/assets/modern_pascal_introduction.html


Q. Does stats.db have any impact on performance?
A. Open it with a sqlite browser and you'll notice (with a small look into sourcecode), that it's
   only used for !statrace. You can delete/never create it without any further issues but you loose ability to use !statrace.
   You won't even gain any performance as it's just a database where some stuff is saved (and only read by !statrace).
   Just to make it clear: does any prebot owner delete their database every 7 days because pre search/announce takes longer and longer? NO!


Q. Why does slftp needs longer and longer for startup?
A. slftp.kb has a high impact on starting time but you can remove it from time to time but you'll loose ability of knowledge base (kb) history, dupe detection, etc.


Q. I get "couldnt init TCP library!" error on my linux shell!
A. Your shell's /etc/hosts file is probably misconfigured, and the hostname
   cannot be resolved. Make sure the name what `hostname` reports is added
   to this file.


Q. Why do I get 'Failed TLS negotiation on data channel (SSL_accept(): (1) error:140760FC:SSL routines'?
A. This is a lack of supported ciphers between both FTPd softwares. Tell your siteop to update the FTPd software, OpenSSL and to allow the current common ciphers.


Q. How can I run the bot in background on linux?
A. Use 'screen ./slftp' to create a new session. Use ctrl+a d to detach from the session. Use 'screen -r' to re-attach to the session.
   Use 'tmux' to create a new session and run ./slftp. Use ctrl+b d to detach from the session. Use 'tmux attach' to re-attach to the session.


Q. Does slftp support chains?
A. No and yes. Chaining is old deprecated way of race tools. slFtp works 
   differently, read CHAINS document.


Q. What does "..is renamed group shit.." or "..is in skipped releases list!" mean?
A. It means that someone sent a renamed version of original pre to your sites. It can also occur if a group
   lost the race which results in the same releasename which only differs in groupname, so it's a dupe.
   One of the messages will be shown for every new IRC event which is caught by slftp.
   e.g.:
    [NEW] XXX-PAYSITE Exotic4K.17.09.27.Ella.Knox.Slick.Curves.XXX.1080p.MP4-KTR @ SITE1 (XXX-PAYSITE) (01 Sec ago) (SQLite) <-- original pre
    Exotic4K.17.09.27.Ella.Knox.Slick.Curves.XXX.1080p.MP4-KTRult @ SITE2 is renamed group shit! KTRult vs. KTR <-- someone started to race a rename on SITE2
    Exotic4K.17.09.27.Ella.Knox.Slick.Curves.XXX.1080p.MP4-KTRult @ SITE1 is in skipped releases list! <-- rename detected on another site


Q. Scrolling with PAGE UP/DN does not work on my SecureCRT + linux combo!
A. Setup securecrt to use escape codes (ESC[n~) or use putty.


Q. I want to filter releases that are not english, french or german, how do I do that?
A. For NON mp3 sections, you can add a rule like this:
   !ruleadd sitename section if foreign && not language in French, German then DROP
   For MP3 sections you need to use the mp3language condition, which works
   a bit differently:
   !ruleadd sitename mp3 if not mp3language in EN, FR, DE then DROP


Q. How can I stop all the transfers?!
A. Use !setdown !all!
   This will mark all the sites as down and clear the queue from tasks.
   (You will need to use !bnctest when you want to use slftp again)


Q. Does slftp support regex in precatcher/skiplist/etc. configs?
A. Read masks documentation file.


Q. How do I change username or password of a site without deleting/readding it?
A. Read !help siteuser and !help sitepass


Q. How do I flush the queue?
A. !setdown !all!


Q. How to fix [EXCEPTION] Run.assigned(fOnShow) '23-11-2017' is not a valid date and time?
A. You must change the date format to 09-12-17 in settings.


Q. How can I start slftp without specifying the password manually?
A. Create a file called 'masterpass.txt' in the same dir as the slftp executable with the
   content set to the password you use for encryption.
