                                TVMaze SUPPORT
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Since some sites separate TV (PDTV, HDTV, DSR, etc.), TVDVDRIP, TVDVDR, TV-x264
releases, at first you probably want to setup the mapping masks in
slftp.precatcher, a few example are included.
This way, if a site does not allow DVDRIP's in TV, then you simple don't set a dir
for TVDVDRIP section. If a site allows them and has no separated dir, then you can
set the same directory as for TV.
This way you don't need to add rules based on the source tag, BUT adding rules to
all the TV sections (read below, rules from #3).

If you don't want to deal with this, since you have no such sites described above,
simply delete the mappings. This way, you want to use the tags condition to filter
what source a site allows. For e.g., if a site allows standard definition releases
only:
1. since high definition releases have HDTV tag as well, we drop them first:
  !ruleadd sitename tv if tag in 720p, 1080p, 2160p then DROP
2. now we drop everything which does not contain HDTV tag (so it is PDTV or
DSR or other shit):
  !ruleadd sitename tv ifnot tag in HDTV then DROP
3. you probably want to drop every release which has some foreign language tag in it
(for example GERMAN, check slftp.languages):
  !ruleadd sitename tv if foreign then DROP
OR, if you want to drop non english and non german and non italian releases:
  !ruleadd sitename tv if foreign && not language in GERMAN, ITALIAN then DROP
4. and now we accept everything:
  !ruleadd sitename tv if default then ALLOW

If a site allows some specific shows only, for eg 24, Lost and Prison Break, you can
use this rule instead of #4 above:
!ruleadd sitename tv if tvshowname in 24, Lost, Prison Break then ALLOW


About TVMaze:
For each TV release the following the corresponding TVMaze page will be parsed.
For example for the crappy Prison Break show, the next one:
http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/541?embed[]=nextepisode&embed[]=previousepisode
Extracted fields are Premiered, Country, Classification (as tvscripted), Genres,
Network, and Runtime.
You will probably need the tvscripted condition only.

Special note, if you want to trust the tvmaze query, you have to add a rule like 
this before using other tv conditions:
  !ruleadd sitename tv ifnot tvlookupdone then DROP
This line will drop trades since at that point tvmaze lookup is not ready yet.

After this, you can safely use the other tvmaze conditions.
As an example, you can use a rule like this:
  !ruleadd sitename tv if tvgenres =~ *Action* then ALLOW

For sites, which allow everything except docus, you probably want a rule like this
instead of a "default" rule at the end of the ruleset:
  !ruleadd sitename tv if tvscripted then ALLOW
